{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11280\viewh16360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 I think the implementation of the minimum viable product went very well, with the help of the over-the-weekend team of Tyson, Sean and myself to work through the process together of what needs to be stored and what needs to be rendered. Talking it through with a printout of the MessageApp pages with the instructor comments lead us all to have a deeper understanding of how the pieces fit together. \
\
The single most frustrating part of the project was getting the react project to serve up in the browser in the first place. Just getting this very first step to have a server that loads even a blank page took up an entire day. After learning that a config file was missing, it was a good lesson for me to more carefully look at the error in the terminal, and to not assume that a ready-to-go scaffold will necessarily have all the parts to it. A lot of this is also put knowing what all parts of a node server have to be in place in order for it to work. \
\
The goals of the project were clear. The test plan was inputting some test data (test username, test login) and console.log statements to see if our code was in fact running inside a function and flowing properly. After the test data was successful, we made our own user and password and logged in, which was successful. \
\
The only true mental roadblock after the minimum viable product was delivered was trying to add a simple additional feature: to display the username alongside the message, with a colon and a space between them. This resulted in frustration and a loss of focus at this point simply because we had been working on the project for a good 4 hours and needed some time away from the code. The solution was discovered the next morning by Sean, who let me know my solution was just a syntax error away from working (it was concatentation rather than adding additional parameters via commas.) In the future, for a project with a tighter deadline, it would have been beneficial to take an hour break and look at the code again and the solution might have been found in the library; overall though, the project was a success, with the team working well together. }